now it came to pass in the third year of
who shear the son of Allah
king of Israel that Hezekiah the son of
Ahaz king of Judah began to reign he was
25 years old when he became King and he
reigned 29 years in Jerusalem his
mother's name was Abel the daughter of
Zechariah and he did what was right in
the sight of the Lord according to all
that his father David had done he
removed the high places and broke the
sacred pillars cut down the wooden image
and broke in pieces the bronze serpent
that Moses had made for until those days
the children of Israel burned incense to
it and called it new hushed in' he
trusted in the Lord God of Israel so
that after him was none like him among
all the kings of Judah nor who were
before him for he held fast to the Lord
he did not depart from following him but
kept his commandments which the Lord had
commanded Moses the Lord was with him
he prospered wherever he went and he
rebelled against the king of Assyria and
did not serve him
he subdued the Philistines as far as
Gaza and its territory from Watchtower
to fortified city
now it came to pass in the fourth year
of king hezekiah which was the seventh
year of ho shear the son of allah king
of israel that shall manisa a king of
assyria came up against samaria and
besieged it and at the end of three
years they took it in the sixth year of
Hezekiah that is the ninth year of who
shia king of israel samaria was taken
then the king of Assyria carried Israel
away captive to Assyria and put them in
halo and by the hey bow the river of
Gaza and in the cities of the Medes
because they did not obey the voice of
the Lord their God but transgressed his
covenant and all that Moses the servant
of the Lord had commanded and they would
neither hear nor do them and in the
fourteenth year of King Hezekiah
Sennacherib king of Assyria came up
against all the fortified cities of
Judah and took them then as a car king
of Judah sent to the king of Assyria at
lakish I have done wrong
turn away from me whatever you impose on
me I will pay and the king of Assyria
assessed Hezekiah king of Judah three
hundred talents of silver and thirty
talents of gold so as a car gave him all
the silver that was found in the house
of the Lord
and in the Treasuries of the King's
house at that time Hezekiah stripped the
gold from the doors of the temple of the
law and from the pillars which Hezekiah
king of Judah had overlaid and gave it
to the king of Assyria then the king of
Assyria sent the Tartan the Rev Cyrus
and the Rev sugar from lakish with a
great army against Jerusalem to King
Hezekiah and they went up and came to
Jerusalem when they had come up he went
and stood by the aqueduct from the upper
pool which was on the highway to the
fullest field and when they had called
to the king
Miller king the son of Hilkiah who was
over the household shebna described and
Joan
the son of ASA the recorder came out to
them then the rapture said to them
say now to Hezekiah thus says the Great
King the king of Assyria what confidence
is this in which you trust you speak of
having plans and powerful war but they
are mere words and in whom do you trust
that you rebel against me now look you
are trusting in the staff of this broken
Reed Egypt on which if a man leans it
will go into his hand and pierce it so
is Pharaoh king of Egypt to all who
trust in him
but if you say to me we trust in the
Lord our God is it not he whose high
places and whose altars Hezekiah has
taken away and said to Judah and
Jerusalem you shall worship before this
altar in Jerusalem now therefore I urge
you give a pledge to my master the king
of Assyria and I will give you two
thousand horses if you are able on your
part to put riders on them how then will
you repel one captain of the least of my
Master's servants and put your trust in
Egypt for chariots and horsemen have I
now come up without the Lord against
this place to destroy it the Lord said
to me go up against this land and
destroy it
then Alarcon the son of Hilkiah shebna
and joah
said to the rap shaker please speak to
your servants in aramaic for we
understand it and do not speak to us in
hebrew in the hearing of the people who
were on the wall as my master sent me to
your master and to you to speak these
words and not to the men who sit on the
wall who will eat and drink their own
waste with you then the rap Shakur stood
and called out with a loud voice in
Hebrew hear the word of the great king
the king of Assyria thus says the King
do not let Hezekiah deceive you for he
shall not be able to deliver you from
his hand nor let Hezekiah make you trust
in the Lord saying the Lord will surely
deliver us this city shall not be given
into the hand of the king of Assyria do
not listen to Hezekiah for thus says the
king of Assyria make peace with me buy a
present and come out to me and every one
of you eat from his own bind and every
one from his own fig tree and every one
of you drink the waters of his own
sister until I come and take you away to
a land like your own land
a land of grain and new wine a land of
bread and vineyards a land of olive
groves and honey that you may live and
not die but do not listen to Hezekiah
lest he persuade you saying the Lord
will deliver us has any of the gods of
the nations at all delivered its land
from a hand of the king of Assyria where
are the gods of Haman and our part where
are the gods of sefar bayum and Hina and
ekwa indeed have they delivered Samaria
from my hand
who among all the gods of the lands have
delivered their countries from my hand
that the Lord should deliver Jerusalem
from my hand but the people held their
peace and answered him not a word for
the Kings commandment was do not answer
him then allow him the son of Hilkiah
who was over the household shebna the
scribe and joah the son of Asaph the
recorder came to Hezekiah with their
clothes torn and told him the words of
the rapture